Elwood Olson: Wheel of Fortune Plan Document
Here's the overall flow of the game

0. Initialize variables and prompt players for their names; Read in a file to choose words randomly
1. play round 1
2. play round 2
3. play round 3
4. output a file with a log of gameplay

Gameplay loop for rounds 1 and 2
At start of round, choose a new word, reset bank, vowel, and consonant variables, and display the hint about the word.

loop condition: the word is not guessed yet
loop increment: add 1 and take modulo 3, so that it goes player 1 -> player 2 -> player 3 - player 1 etc.

Here's what the body of that loop looks like:
0) Display who's playing and how much money they have in the bank
1) spin the wheel
    a) if BANKRUPT set player's bank to 0 and end turn
    b) if Lose Turn, end turn
    c) if it's a dollar amount, continue turn
2) Accept consonant guess or whole-word guess
    a)if whole-word guess
        i) if correct, the player wins the round
        ii) if it's incorrect, then the player's turn ends
    b) if consonant guess (only available if there are still consonants available)
        i) if correct, then the player earns money listed on the wheel of fortune and their turn continues
        ii) if it's incorrect, then their turn ends
3) if the player's turn is still going, then they can continue with the following options:
    a) guess the whole word
        i) if it's correct, then the player wins the round
        ii) if it's incorrect, then the player's turn ends
    b) buy a vowel
        i) if correct, then the player's turn continues and they lose 250 dollars
        ii) if it's incorrect, then the player's turn ends
    c) spin again for a consonant, if there are consonants remaining
4) at end of turn, if the round is still going, increment to the next player.
        
Round 3 controlflow:
1) choose the player with the highest bank, reset the tracker variables. Reveal RSTLNE
2) Allow player to reveal 3 more consonants and one more vowel
3) Give player 5 seconds to guess answer -- allow as many guesses as wanted before timer runs out
    a) if any of the guesses are correct, set the player to win round 3 and add to their bank the prize
    b) if none of the guesses are correct, the player loses the round 
3) CHANGE OF PLAN: Since the timer is a stretch goal, simply allow one guess with an unlimited amount of time
4) display end of game message and output log

wheel spin flow:
1) generate random number between 1 and 24 inclusive
2) display which section is chosen

guess consonant flow:
1) spin the wheel
    a) if Bankrupt: set bank to 0 and end turn
    b) elif Lose turn: end turn
    c) else: continue turn
2) guess consonant
   a) if correct, remove letter from empty and send continue turn signal
   b) if false, send end turn signal
   
guess vowel flow
1) choose which vowel to buy
    a) if correct, remove letter from empty and send signal to continue turn
    b) if wrong, send signal to end turn

get words
1) take file name as a parameter -- this will determine the category of the word
    a) each file will have ten entries, and the files will be generated by me.
2) choose a random number between 0 and 10 to randomly choose a word
3) output the word



helper functions:
1) get player name
2) choose player input
3) input consonant
4) input vowel
5) initialize round 
6) initialize final round
7) input total guess
8) intialize game
9) choose word
10) spin wheel
11) display game info
12) display word

variables
-player_list = list of three dictionaries, each of with "name" and "bank" keys 
-active player (this will be an index, 0, 1, or 2, which tells the game which dictionary to access out of the player_list list.)
-word 
-wheel list
-hidden consonants
-hidden vowels


